Add SMTP troubleshoot case (#7642)
mattermost/docs: source/configure/smtp-email.rst

  Connection unsuccessful: Failed to add to email address - 554 5.7.1 <unknown[IP-ADDRESS]>: Client host rejected: Access denied

Checking your Notifications settings
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If SMTP sending fails with message ``Failed to set the to address``, go to **System Console > Notifications** and verify that **Notification Display Name** and **Notification From Address** are correctly set. You might need to define also **Support Email Address** and **Notification Reply-To Address**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If SMTP sending fails with message ``Failed to set the to address``, go to **System Console > Site Configuration > Notifications** to verify that **Notification Display Name** and **Notification From Address** are set correctly. You may also need to define a **Support Email Address** and **Notification Reply-To Address**.
```

> If SMTP sending fails with message ``Failed to set the to address``, go to **System Console > Site Configuration > Notifications** to verify that **Notification Display Name** and **Notification From Address** are set correctly. You may also need to define a **Support Email Address** and **Notification Reply-To Address**.

Reviewer 2: >``Failed to set the to address``

Where would they expect to see this error? It is not clear to me if it will show in the logs or in product after an action?
